Goldman, Sachs & Co. is the underwriter.
They dropped 0.4 % as dealers continued to offer rebates to attract customers.
Siemens is West Germany 's largest electronics group.
Money helped, too.
Analysts say USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once.
The companies will retain their current regular quarterly dividend of 25 cents during the sale process, Mr. Rothman said.
The second is they don't have enough discipline.
Prime rate : 10 1\/2 %.
And any strong surge in redemptions could force some funds to dump stocks to raise cash, as some did during Black Monday.
Prime rate : 10 1\/2 %.
Terms weren't disclosed.
It is expected to report next summer.
SunGard 's stock rose 1 3\/4 to 21 1\/4 on 194,000 shares.
It all started with geography.
Both firms are in New York.
Promises Feng-hsiung Hsu : In three years we'll mount a better challenge.
At that point domestic sales will slow down, says Kim Yoon Kwon, director of marketing for Daewoo Motor.
Sales eased 0.2 % to $8.88 billion from $8.90 billion.
These rate indications aren't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location.
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Sandwiched between desks, underwriters sit on benches surrounded by stacks of policies.
Net income at Mobil Corp. slipped 4.5 % to $532 million, or $1.30 a share, from $557 million, or $1.36 a share.
No, you work!
The situation will be especially delicate for Mr. Kimbrough.
Of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper, few reported any damage that they didn't expect to have remedied within a day or two.
The figures are shocking.
No replacement was immediately named.
J.P. Morgan & Co., New York, will help the statutory managers of dfc New Zealand Ltd. to evaluate the failed investment bank 's condition.
In 1983, Mr. Hastings was found not guilty of accepting a $150,000 bribe in a case before him, the central charge on which the Senate convicted him.
Revenue for the nine months is expected to be about $230.5 million, up about 21 % from $190.4 million last year.
The cats are fine, although nervous.
Whitbread also announced that Mr. Jarvis, who is 48, will become the company 's chief executive March 1.
Mr. McGuigan cites three completed efforts in Oklahoma.
I would view it as a net positive.
Why call that service?
In this atmosphere, there would be no serious consideration of tax increases.
Guaranteed by Redland plc.
When the announcement came out, I picked up the phone and said, Why don't you come to us? Mr. Spielvogel said.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. will manage the offering.
I don't know if this will affect one institution or a hundred, Mr. Lowell says.
But the company declines to comment.
But the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention that it hadn't libeled Mrs. Sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband.
Congress temporarily halted Mr. Thornburgh 's effort with an appropriation resolution that prohibited him from using budgeted funds to implement his plan.
I 'd much rather see them dealing with interest rates and the deficit.
The bank 's Arizona unit holds about $6 billion of First Interstate 's $50 billion of assets.
Traders expect the issue to be priced to yield 12 %.
And no one was shouting.
Georgia-Pacific, which went down 2 1\/2 Tuesday, lost another 1\/2 to 50 3\/8.
Teleflora will run tv ads at Valentine 's Day promoting its Snoopy 's Love Bouquet.
G-7 consists of the U.S., Japan, Britain, West Germany, Canada, France and Italy.
If one city is down, the other can take over.
But he wanted to pursue his own dream, and he went.
But stocks later recovered, erasing most of their early declines.
At Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc., they are financial consultants.
And she said, Hello.
Here are two cases to illustrate.
Indeed, the older couple 's portfolio could actually be riskier in that sense if the expected return won't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans.
For $10 million, you can move $100 million of stocks, a specialist on the Big Board gripes.
Steve and his firm were still worth a lot of money, Mr. Rawls said.
Now that the Supreme Court opened the door on the subject of abortion, politicians are squinting under the glare of democratic choice.
I think it 's more an issue of style.
Nor has Beijing hinted to its citizens that it will publish the identities of those killed.
The industry is overbuilt, he says.
the egalitarianism of modern America represents the essential achievement of the classless society envisioned by Marx.
Biotechnology issues were strong.
The additional reserves relate to possible write-downs of certain assets held by Franklin and its subsidiaries and the default of a bond in its investment portfolio, the thrift said.
That amounts to more than $350 billion a year.
He can live with little pleasures.
But Mr. Simmons has long ties to both Republicans and banking.
The seismic activity of a financial market bears a resemblance to the seismic activity of the earth.
Dan Rather served as emcee.
Analysts noted yesterday that Cray Research 's decision to link its $98.3 million promissory note to Mr. Cray 's presence will complicate a valuation of the new company.
In October 1987, these margin calls were thought to have contributed to the downward spiral of the stock market.
The offering, Series 104, is backed by Freddie Mac 9 % securities.
Sometimes they are constructive, but often not.
Yesterday, Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch and Dean Witter all increased the proportion of assets they recommend investors commit to stocks.
It depends on when you look.
Net fell to $40.1 million, or $1.50 a share, from $60.7 million, or $2.32 a share, a year earlier.
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $350 million.
It 's too disruptive, he says.
Cantor provides price quotes to Telerate Systems Inc., a widely used electronic system.
At 12:49 p.m., the index hit its low, 2029.7, off 204.2 points.
The cash from the sale will go to L.J. Hooker, but the company itself will belong to Sam Merksamer.
Industry analysts speculated that Mr. Price 's sudden departure may have stemmed from conflicts with Mr. Gatward.
General Dynamics Corp. was given a $843 million Air Force contract for F-16 aircraft and related equipment.
Off and on since then, the companies have skirmished in court.
Japan 'S misuse of U.S. patents has been a sore point for American chip makers.
The farmers ran a boycott, and meat disappeared from the shops.
In the past five years, more than 68 % of its sales have been outside the U.S..
Robert Kornreich, an attorney for the Telerate holders, told Judge Hartnett the Dow Jones offer is arrogant and hostile.
Tw 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people won't stop eating during a downturn.
The woman appeared in court Thursday to enter her plea, but when she started to approach the bench, she was stopped by Judge Hancock.
Monday and Tuesday were lackluster in comparison, he said.
It also adds to the mystery of the venture.
Old Stone fell 1 5\/8 to 13 1\/2.
We think everything will go this way in a few years.
Many of these financiers lend freely, often without demanding collateral.
The place costs nearly $2 million a year to maintain.
That individual wasn't identified.
Gases containing CFCs are pumped into polyurethane to make the foam used in pillows, upholstery and insulation.