People are naturally suspicious of them, says Mr. Mullins of Morgan Stanley.
Ethyl said pretax profit from its insurance segment, excluding investment gains, rose 28 % in the latest quarter to $28.6 million from $22.4 million.
But the tax-preparation business simply has no more room to grow, says Mark Cremonie, director of research for Capital Supervisors Inc., a Chicago firm that manages $6.5 billion.
Through Oct. 19, high-yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return the price change plus dividends on fund shares , according to Lipper Analytical Services Inc.
They said the sale is expected to be concluded by the end of November.
Of the 1,300 chemists registered for the society 's weeklong meeting, fewer than 200 sat through the day and a half of cold fusion presentations at week 's end.
The drug, introduced last year, is expected to generate sales of about $300 million this year.
It 's assault-weapons politics, says John Siegal, Mr. Dinkins 's issues director, insisting there is a strong racist undertone to the Giuliani effort.
The peril of unlimited liability looms large for a number of them now.
The disclosures state that commissions were paid by Bofors to an Indian agent of the arms company.
The reporters were victims and some of the victims turned into unofficial reporters.
The administration has reacted to criticism that it mishandled the latest coup attempt by seeking to blame Congress for restrictions the White House said have hampered its freedom of action.
Some analysts say this may give it the right to seize the ship if the situation warrants it.
In late April, when interest rates were at their recent highs, short-term CDs sold by brokers were offering yields half a percentage point or more higher than banks.
I can see cuts of at least 20 % more, says the head of the London office of a major U.S. firm.
Tenneco Credit Corp. -- $150 million of 9 1\/4 % senior notes due Nov. 1, 1996, priced at 99.625 to yield 9.324 %.
And they plan to buy more today.
It 's understood that mgm\/ua recently contacted Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp., which made two failed bids for the movie studio, to see if the company was still interested.
The benchmark 7 % bond due October 1999 fell 0.20 point to 99.80 to yield 7.03 %, while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 fell 0.10 to 97.65 to yield 7.34 %.
If you think you have stress-related problems on the job, there 's good news and bad news.
One reason for his gloom is a weekly tally he keeps of stocks within a point of hitting new highs or lows.
The gnp of the Bahamas is probably somewhere between one and two billion dollars.
This time, Wall Street 's plunge of 6.9 % Friday was followed by yesterday 's 1.8 % loss in Tokyo.
Wellcome has replied that it is moving ahead to compile the relevant data, and recently promised to develop a pediatric syrup form easier for youngsters to take.
The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers, a sort of parliament of ringing groups, aims to improve relations with vicars, says John C. Baldwin, president.
Typically, banks offer cd yields higher than those on Treasury bills, which are considered the safest short-term investments ; banks need a competitive edge to sell their products.
There wasn't a lot of volume because it was just impossible to get stock moved, said E.E. Buzzy Geduld, president of Herzog, Heine, Geduld, a New York company that makes markets in thousands of otc issues.
Grace, a maker of specialty chemicals that already owned about 30 % of closely held Sierra, said it owns a 49 % stake in the new company.
He had been associate professor in the department of finance at Seton Hall University.
The il-4 receptor is one of five such receptors to be developed and tested by Receptech Corp., a spinoff of Immunex, through a proposed $30 million initial public offering.
By midmorning, the djia had plunged 80 points and foreign-exchange dealers quickly drove the dollar down.
Also, he could force new elections early next year by frustrating the procedures for the election of the president of the republic in March.
Rockwell International Corp. was issued a $12.5 million Air Force contract for changes in the National Aerospace Plane.
The ec Commission decided that such an accord doesn't benefit consumers enough to merit an exemption from antitrust law.
Robert M. Jelenic, 39, was named president and chief operating officer of this closely held publisher.
New sec Chairman Richard Breeden, overseeing his first public meeting, said there have been concerns that the Big Board 's basket could attract investors with a short-term perspective who would rapidly turn over the product, thus increasing volatility.
Longer maturities are thought to indicate declining interest rates because they permit portfolio managers to retain relatively higher rates for a longer period.
Cbs has changed the rules by throwing out the old basis for sports bids -- that is, can the network alone make a profit on it?
Besides, Daikin 's major competitors, Hitachi Ltd. and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd., are all adding production lines, a Daikin spokesman says.
Anything 's possible -- how about the New Guinea Fund? quips George Foot, a managing partner at Newgate Management Associates of Northampton, Mass.
Also, Teodulo Mabellini 's Lux aeterna was intriguingly scored and splendidly put across by Mr. Rilling.
As expected, Kellogg reported lower third-quarter earnings.
For instance, the most popular index option is the S&P 100 option, commonly called the oex.
It 's made me more committed to cbs, says Philip A. Jones, the president of Meredith Corp. 's broadcast group, which has two cbs affiliates.
Lines will be available 24 hours a day to take applications for such disaster relief as temporary housing and emergency home repairs by phone.
Heritage, which owns 51 % of pop 's 3.6 million shares outstanding, said it will exchange one share of a new preferred stock for each pop common share it doesn't already own.
In principle, they will enable doctors to check the body 's motor system the way an electrician tests a home 's electrical circuits by running current through them.
Sitting in one of Mr. Palmer 's chairs, which cost $425 and have since been copied by others, is a bit like straddling a recliner.
Another approach : An investor with $100 million might use $75 million to buy the S&P 500 index and spend the other $25 million on a favorite group of stocks.
As part of the agreement, Axa agreed to invest $1 billion in Hoylake Investments Ltd., Sir James 's acquisition vehicle.
The average of estimates of the 10 economists polled puts the dollar around 1.8200 marks at the end of November and at 141.33 yen.
Put option on March 31, 1992, at a fixed 107 3\/4 to yield 3.5 %.
That culture, carefully crafted by Mr. Smith, leaves little, if any, room for unions.
The stock began trading this summer at $14 apiece.
Government officials here and in other countries laid plans through the weekend to head off a Monday market meltdown -- but went out of their way to keep their moves quiet.
In 1988, Kidder eked out a $46 million profit, mainly because of severe cost cutting.
But it resists yielding political ground.
A year earlier, the company had profit from discontinued operations of $24.9 million from sale of a pipeline, a refinery and an interest in a second refinery.
Rather than increasing dividends, some companies have used cash to buy back some of their shares, notes Steven G. Einhorn, co-chairman of the investment policy committee at Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Digital 's new line has been a long time coming.
Trelleborg plans to remain the dominant shareholder with stakes of slightly less than 50 % of both units.
Dentsu 's billings last year were larger than those of Young & Rubicam, the world 's second-largest ad agency, according to a survey by the publication Advertising Age.
Cray has indicated it will decide on whether to build such a machine before year end.
Douglas Jones, an attorney representing Richard O. Kelly Sr., the chairman and president of Capital Trust, says his client denies that there was any attempt to defraud investors.
Others are doing index arbitrage a strategy of taking advantage of price discrepancies between stocks and futures.
As the best opportunities for corporate restructurings are exhausted of course, at some point the market will start to reject them.
Congress never fully trusted former cia chief William Casey and National Security Adviser John Poindexter to honor the ban.
But they said the quake will force some companies to relocate or expand part or all of their operations outside the state.
Jimmy Carter went further in a 1976 campaign promise : If I become president, I'll make every piece of information this country has about ufo sightings available to the public, and the scientists.
It also raised hackles of the city 's tourism boosters.
The dispute between Eastern and its pilots is over a pay parity clause in the pilots ' contract.
A maxim of Frankfurt banking holds that wherever Deutsche Bank goes, other West German banks follow.
The thrifts ' lawyers claim that the suits, numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone, should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments.
The product automates an array of functions performed at small to medium-size printing companies.
The Machinists rejected a proposal featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract, plus bonuses of 8 % the first year and 3 % the second.
Nonetheless, the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year and its sixth worst ever, diving 14.90, or 3 %, to 467.29.
The fdic cleared the move yesterday, and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase.
Trying to time the economy is a mistake, says David Katz, chief investment officer of Value Matrix Management Inc. in New York.
Unless he closes the gap, Republicans risk losing not only the governorship but also the assembly next month.
Sales for the company, based in Abbott Park, Ill., rose 8.3 % to $1.31 billion from $1.21 billion.
They figure it 's not a very good advert.
QuesTech Inc., Falls Church, Va., also has acquired some companies outside the military market.
In most cases damage to company facilities and operations was minimal.
A decline may come in the first half of 1990, he said, but the market doesn't appear on the verge of a severe downturn.
The son of a Seagram 's executive who was stationed in many countries around the world, Mr. McDonough was born in Tokyo and attended 19 schools in places ranging from Hong Kong to Shaker Heights, Ohio, before entering Dartmouth College.
Nearly all the decline came in Ford 's U.S. automotive operations.
Shares of biotechnology companies in the area were also higher.
Mr. Palicka 's picks from the otc market include Legent, Mail Boxes Etc., and Payco American.
Analysts say USAir has great promise.
So far, analysts have said they are looking for $3.30 to $3.35 a share.
In the first nine months of this year output was 5,377,000 metric tons, down from 5,441,000 metric tons a year earlier.
Auto prices had a big effect in the ppi, and at the cpi level they won't, he said.
As a result, if a problem develops on a production line, it is unlikely some supervisor sitting in front of a personal computer or workstation will know about it or be able to correct it.
A lot of the professional traders are just going back and forth.
In the third quarter last year, Dell had net income of $5 million, or 26 cents a share, on sales of $75.2 million.
David H. Eisenberg, 53 years old, was named president and chief operating officer of Imasco 's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit, based in Alexandria, Va.
The price in the proposal is $43.50 for each of the 4.9 million shares the parent doesn't own, or $213.2 million.
But, he adds, I was not acting as a messenger.
I think my line has been very consistent, Mrs. Hills said at a news conference Saturday afternoon.
Shareholders of Noxell, of Hunt Valley, Md., will vote on the merger at a special meeting on Nov. 30, the companies said.